---
layout: post
title: Saumya loves me
description: "Here we are"
tags: [Saumya]
image:
  feature: post-1.JPG
---

Just so you know, every time that you pay full attention to me, I crash really bad, which also happened multiple times while reading your last message. I like it when you push me because I like to feel things a little too extremely and you’ve been pretty helpful with that. I don’t know what to say about the fact that you want to make me feel things in my stomach, I mean that in itself gave me butterflies. Trust me when I say that I wanna get in your head and it’s not that I don’t trust you when you say you like me but I wanna see how your feelings developed, things you filtered, things you starred in your brain, I (maybe) know you’re not the jealous kind, I don’t get a kick out of it either but I wanna pick on your brain, you might not react but I wanna know what’s the first thing your brain thinks when someone I had a thing for/with comes up. I wanna know how your brain reacts when you like someone. I just wanna know how your brain reacts to absolutely anything, it’s impossible but I wanna know all your unfiltered thoughts, the things that you first think but then correct yourself. I like where we are now too and its always fucking amazing to reinstate however I always !!!!!! every time you say you’re so comfortable. I think what I said about your brain works hand in hand with this, I want you to come at me with everything you got (obviously at your own pace) and I know for a fact that it just wouldn’t make me budge, like nothing would stop me from feeling the way I do. I got you, you know, I mean whatever you come at me with, I got you and it’s not because I feel a certain way but even when I didn’t feel like this or even when we weren’t that close, you seem good enough just as a human too. I’d always view you as a human before I view you with bias that comes with you being involved with me, at least I like to think so. I am content and I kinda hate the fact that you’re making me optimistic, not about anything in specific but just about everything? like just about learning things or trying stuff. I’ve felt burnt out for a long time and now you’re making me want to not be burnt out? You know that night when you said how motivational ‘We are young’ is and you got all ujsujusdusdagsdhsa and I was just sitting there like, fuck, sad suits her but when she’s !!!!! she’s too bright, I HAVE TO PROTECT THIS. It’s adorable when you’re in your element and your element is bright. And now I’m left wondering if you have the spark or are you the spark? I like to think that even if the future doesn’t hold this, this, right here, doesn’t change, like one day you might wake up and not feel like this anymore, however that doesn’t change the fact that you did feel like this yesterday, nothing, no one can undo this, right here, not even you and me. So, I can only feed it, and I will, why should I not? I hate how when someone tries to honestly articulate how they feel and we just assume they’re a sap and to be honest I think I consider it a compliment because you like saps, don’t you? And I anyway don’t know how to do anything better than to feel like this and then tell you all about it. I think you’ll like to know that I wrote quite a bit of this when we were texting this morning, cause you find that cool. Only if outreachy let me submit an essay on you, I’d be selected.
