---
layout: post
title: Sometimes I write okay
description: "Here we are"
tags: [Lisa]
image:
  feature: post-3.jpg
---

I’m a bit late but the last one was messy and I wanted to pay full attention and write. See, it is fun pushing you, both of us want to see how far you’d go sir. I don’t worry about writing well, it’s just that I want you to feel it the same way I feel when I read the stuff you write, which is in your stomach sir. That’s the goal. I want you to get in my head and see what everything feels like, because it’s great and I feel it, and I am feeling a lot more than I have in a while and it’s nice and I want you to see it. It makes me want to write and it’s nice to feel the urge to. I like the idea of writing things exactly how I feel it, because as much as it is about feeling it in the moment and remembering it, every second is different and I don’t want to miss a thing. I like where we are now and I like that I am so comfortable and I want you to feel the same, which I know you do  but it’s nice reinstating it. And it most definitely is a plot twist sir, a great one though, mind you. Also, it means a lot that you’d listen to music like that, or talk in music. That’s sexy sir. I do that too sometimes, it feels good, I am happy and I hope you are too. I love this leaving message thing a lot too, it’s the coolest of all the cool things I have done. And the boldness is a long road sir, the best part is that you are following which makes it easier. You are obvious and it’s nice, and I don’t know if I am but I’d like for you to know my reactions as well. Although flustered me doesn’t function very well, including the ability to type that I am crashing, but I do too, if you didn’t know. The idea of all these words floating in space is pretty cool, it’s like a safe space and a forever. Like it’s gonna stay, and I like that. I think I sound like too much of a sap but I also think it works. Pretty little mind sounds cute sir (and I know I started it), I like that mind of yours.
